

## COPY

<div style="text-align: center;">E-Business:elines.coscoshipping.com</div>


<div style="text-align: center;">PORTTO PORT OR COMBINED TRANSPORT BILL OFLADING</div>



<html><body><table><tbody><tr><td colspan="4">1. Shipper Insert Name Address and Phone/Fax JBS S/A INDUSTRIAL，LINS，SAO PAULO, BRASIL，16.404-110/CNPJ: 02.916.265/0086-59</td><td colspan="2">Booking No. 6409101430</td><td>Bill of Lading No. COSU6409101430</td><td colspan="2">Export References</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">2. Consignee Insert Name Address and Phone/Fax TRADE GROUP CO.，LTD ROOM 405-084 4/F,A TOWER，NO.777, 3RD GUANGGU ROAD,- EAST LAKE HI-TECH DEVELOPMENT ZONE，HUBEI,*</td><td colspan="2">FMC/CHB No. Forwarding Agent and References Point and Country of Origin</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">3. Notify Party Insert Name Address and Phone/Fax to the Carrier or his agents for failure to notify) (lt is agreed that no responsibility shall attach TRADE GROUP CO.，LTD ROOM 405-084 4/F,A TOWER，NO.777, 3RD GUANGGU ROAD,- EAST LAKE HI-TECH DEVELOPMENT ZONE，HUBEI,*</td><td colspan="4">Also Notify Party-routing & Instructions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">4.Combined Transport * Pre-Carriage by 6.Ocean Vessel Voy.No. COSCO SHIPPING DANUBE 042E 8.Port of Discharge SHANGHAI</td><td colspan="4">5. Combined Transport* Place of Receipt PARANAGUA 7. Port of Loading PARANAGUA PORT 9.Combined Transport * Placeof Delivery SHANGHAI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Service Contract No</td><td colspan="2">Doc. Form No.</td><td colspan="4">Type of Movement FCL/FCL CY-CY Gross Weight Measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Marks & Nos. Container /Seal No.</td><td colspan="2">No. of Container or Packages</td><td colspan="2">Description of Goods (if Dangerous Goods, See Clause 21)</td><td colspan="2">Measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">1178 CARTONS **</td><td colspan="2">1178 CARTONS CONTAINING: FROZEN BONELESS BEEF - ROBBED FOREQUARTER （90VL） 527 CARTONS NET WEIGHT:12518.880 KGS GROSS WEIGHT:12939.025 KGS FROZEN BONELESS BEEF - ROBBED HINDQUARTER 90VL 651 CARTONS NET WEIGHT:15483.450 KGS GROSS WEIGHT:16038.380 KGS SHIPPED ON BOARD，DECLARED CLEAN BY SHIPPER DUE.:25BR0001525377 NF.:22732 PROC.:551598 RUC.: 5BR029162652000000000000000000 95262 TO BE CONTINUED ON ATTACHED LIST *</td><td colspan="2">28977.405KGS</td></tr><tr><td>Description of Contents for Shipper's Use Only (Not part of This B/LContract)</td><td>10.Total Number of Containers and/or Packages (in words) Subject to Clause 8 Limitation of Liability 11. Freight&Charges RevenueTons</td><td>SAY ONE Rate</td><td colspan="2">CONTAINER Per</td><td colspan="2">TOTAL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="9"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">11.</td><td colspan="2">RevenueTons</td><td colspan="2">Amount</td><td colspan="2">Prepaid Collect</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Received in external apparent good order and condition unless otherwise stated. The total number of the packages or units, carrier has no reasonable means and duties of verification. The carrier has issued 4_original Bills of Lading, all of delivery of the shipment, the others shall be void. The merchants agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Bill of Lading and Sanctions and the Export Control Compliance Terms as if each had personally signed this Bil1 of Lading. The complete TERMS AND CONDITIONS appearing on the reverse side of this Bi11 of Lading and the Sanctions and Export Cont ro1 Compliance Terms are available at https://1ines.coscoshipping.com/home/HelpCenter/termsAndConditions. Demurrage and Detention shal1 be charged according to the tariff published on the Home page of https://lines.coscoshipping.com, If any ambiguity or queryr please search by Demurrage & Detention Tariff Enquiry. *Applicable Only When Document Used as</td><td colspan="3">Date Laden on Board 11 FEB 2025</td></tr></tbody></table></body></html>

SiqnedfortheCarrier.COSCOSHIPPINGLINESCO.,LTD.

## COPY


<html><body><table><tbody><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Marks & Nos. Container / Seal No.</td><td>No. of Container or Packages</td><td>Description of Goods (if Dangerous Goods, See Clause 21)</td><td>Gross Weight</td><td>Measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td>*WUHAN，CHINA，CHINA, PHONE:+86 -18507160251, VEJIA@CJITG.COM- NCM:02023000 SEAL SIF: 0049933/SIF337 "SHIPPER'S DECLARATION:WOODEN PACKING DULY TREATED AND CERTIFIED WHEN/IF USED TO EXPORT BY THE SHIPPER" NET WEIGHT：28002.330 KGS TEMPERATURE CONTAINER: 40" REEFER HIGH CUBIC (-18C) SET BY SHIPPER USCI 91420100MABMH8PC9H</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>OCEAN FREIGHT PREPAID ON CY-CY TERM</td><td></td><td>1178 CARTONS</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table></body></html>